In this section of the course, we'll take a look at the basic structure
of a simple c++ program.
First, we'll look at the basic components of a c++ program.
These includes things like keywords,
identifiers, operators, punctuation, comments and syntax.
Then we'll discuss the pre-processor directives that c++ uses.
These are the statements that begin with the pound sign or the hashtag.
And we'll discuss what they do and how they work.
We'll then take a look at the main function specifically and functions in general.
Then we'll discuss what c++ namespaces are
and why we use the standard namespace so often.
That's the STD word reviews throughout.
We’ll then learn about the types of comments that c++ supports
and why we use comments in our code at all.
Finally, we'll talk about basic stream input output using cin and cout.
Let's get started.